The Grudge,Az átok;2020;Horror,Supernatural;Andrea Riseborough,Demián Bichir,John Cho,Betty Gilpin,Lin Shaye,Jacki Weaver;The Grudge is a 2020 American psychological supernatural horror film written and directed by Nicolas Pesce. Originally announced as a reboot of the 2004 American remake and the original 2002 Japanese horror film Ju-On: The Grudge, the film ended up taking place before and during the events of the 2004 film and its two direct sequels, and is the fourth installment in the American The Grudge film series. The film stars Andrea Riseborough, Demián Bichir, John Cho, Betty Gilpin, Lin Shaye, and Jacki Weaver, and follows a police officer who investigates several murders that are seemingly connected to a single house.;100
Underwater,Árok;2020;Action,Horror,Science Fiction;Kristen Stewart,Vincent Cassel,Jessica Henwick,John Gallagher Jr.,Mamoudou Athie,T.J. Miller;Underwater is a 2020 American science fiction action horror film directed by William Eubank. The film stars Kristen Stewart, Vincent Cassel, Jessica Henwick, John Gallagher Jr., Mamoudou Athie, and T.J. Miller.;90
Like a Boss,Mint egy főnök;2020;Comedy;Tiffany Haddish,Rose Byrne,Salma Hayek,Jennifer Coolidge,Billy Porter;Like a Boss is a 2020 American comedy film directed by Miguel Arteta, written by Sam Pitman and Adam Cole-Kelly, and starring Tiffany Haddish, Rose Byrne, and Salma Hayek. The plot follows two friends who attempt to take back control of their cosmetics company from an industry titan.;83
Three Christs,Három Krisztus;2017;Drama;Richard Gere,Peter Dinklage,Walton Goggins,Bradley Whitford;Three Christs, also known as State of Mind, is a 2017 American drama film directed, co-produced, and co-written by Jon Avnet and based on Milton Rokeach's nonfiction book The Three Christs of Ypsilanti. It screened in the Gala Presentations section at the 2017 Toronto International Film Festival. The film is also known as: Three Christs of Ypsilanti, The Three Christs of Ypsilanti, Three Christs of Santa Monica, and The Three Christs of Santa Monica.;117
Bad Boys,Mindörökké rosszfiúk;2020;Action,Comedy;Will Smith,Martin Lawrence,Vanessa Hudgens,Alexander Ludwigm,Charles Melton,Paola Núñez,Kate del Castillo,Nicky Jam,Joe Pantoliano;Bad Boys for Life is a 2020 American buddy cop action comedy film directed by Adil & Bilall. It is the sequel to Bad Boys II (2003) and the third installment in the Bad Boys franchise. Will Smith, Martin Lawrence, Joe Pantoliano and Theresa Randle reprise their roles in the film and are joined by Paola Núñez, Vanessa Hudgens, Jacob Scipio, Alexander Ludwig, Charles Melton, Kate del Castillo and Nicky Jam. The film was produced by Smith, Jerry Bruckheimer, and Doug Belgrad, with a screenplay written by Chris Bremner, Peter Craig and Joe Carnahan. In Bad Boys for Life, Miami detectives Mike Lowrey and Marcus Burnett investigate a string of murders tied to Lowrey's troubled past.;124
Dolittle,Dolittle;2020;Adventure,Fantasy;Robert Downey Jr.,Antonio Banderas,Michael Sheen,Emma Thompson,Rami Malek,John Cena,Kumail Nanjiani,Octavia Spencer,Tom Holland,Craig Robinson,Ralph Fiennes,Selena Gomez,Marion Cotillard;Dolittle is a 2020 American fantasy adventure film directed by Stephen Gaghan from a screenplay by Gaghan, Dan Gregor, and Doug Mand, based on a story by Thomas Shepherd. Dolittle is based on the title character created by Hugh Lofting and is primarily inspired by the author's second Doctor Dolittle book, The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle (1922). Robert Downey Jr. stars as the title character, alongside Antonio Banderas and Michael Sheen in live-action roles, with Emma Thompson, Rami Malek, John Cena, Kumail Nanjiani, Octavia Spencer, Tom Holland, Craig Robinson, Ralph Fiennes, Selena Gomez, and Marion Cotillard voicing an array of creatures.;101
The Gentlemen,Úriemberek;2020;Action,Comedy;Matthew McConaughey,Charlie Hunnam"Henry Golding,Michelle Dockery,Jeremy Strong,Eddie Marsan,Colin Farrell,Hugh Grant;The Gentlemen is a 2019 action comedy film written, directed and produced by Guy Ritchie, who developed the story along with Ivan Atkinson and Marn Davies. The film stars Matthew McConaughey, Charlie Hunnam, Henry Golding, Michelle Dockery, Jeremy Strong, Eddie Marsan, Colin Farrell, and Hugh Grant. It follows an American cannabis wholesaler in England who is looking to sell his business, setting off a chain of blackmail and schemes to undermine him.;113
The Last Full Measure,Megkésett kitüntetés;2020;Drama,War;Sebastian Stan,Christopher Plummer,William Hurt,Ed Harris,Samuel L. Jackson,Peter Fonda,LisaGay Hamilton,Jeremy Irvine,Diane Ladd,Amy Madigan,John Savage,Bradley Whitford;The Last Full Measure is a 2019 American war drama film written and directed by Todd Robinson. It follows the efforts of fictional Pentagon staffer Scott Huffman and many veterans to see the Medal of Honor awarded to William H. Pitsenbarger, a United States Air Force Pararescueman who flew in helicopter rescue missions during the Vietnam War to aid downed soldiers and pilots. Based on true events, the film stars Sebastian Stan, Christopher Plummer, William Hurt, Ed Harris, Samuel L. Jackson, Jeremy Irvine, and Peter Fonda. It was the final film appearance of Fonda, who died before the film’s release and Plummer's final on screen appearance before his death in 2021, though it had filmed prior to Knives Out which was released before it.;116
Downhill,Lejtmenet;2020;Comedy,Drama;Julia Louis-Dreyfus,Will Ferrell,Miranda Otto,Zoë Chao,Zach Woods;Downhill is a 2020 American black comedy-drama film directed by Nat Faxon and Jim Rash, who also co-wrote the script with Jesse Armstrong. The film is a remake of Force Majeure (2014) by Swedish director Ruben Östlund. It stars Julia Louis-Dreyfus and Will Ferrell as a married couple going through a rough patch after a near-death encounter during a family ski outing.;86
The Photograph,A fénykép;2020;Drama,Romance;Issa Rae,Lakeith Stanfield,Chelsea Peretti,Lil Rel Howery,Courtney B. Vance;The Photograph is a 2020 American romantic drama film written and directed by Stella Meghie. It follows the estranged daughter of a famous photographer who falls in love with the journalist who is investigating her late mother's life. Chelsea Peretti, Lil Rel Howery and Courtney B. Vance also star.;106
Spy Intervention,Spy Intervention;2020;Action,Comedy,Spy;Drew Van Acker,Poppy Delevingne,Natasha Bassett,Max Silvestri,Brittany Furlan,Blake Anderson;Spy Intervention is a 2020 American action comedy spy film directed by Drew Mylrea and written by Mark Famiglietti and Lane Garrison. The film stars Drew Van Acker, Poppy Delevingne and Blake Anderson.;93